README.md, before:

# Cosmology UI Kit

## 📣 What is this project?

Cosmology UI Kit is a foundation library for all UI elements used in cosmos-kit and other packages.
The main features of Cosmology UI Kit is that it's cross-framework, easy to use and extend and allows developers to customize their own custom themes.
It is based on a project called `mitosis` from BuilderIO to compile from a mutual format (lite JSX) to other frontend framework source code, which gives us
the ability to code a component once, and it will compile to all framework targets.

## Setup

```bash
# If you use react
yarn add @cosmology-ui/react

# If you use vue
yarn add @cosmology-ui/vue
```

## Setup and scripts for development

- `yarn && yarn bootstrap` to bootstrap the repo
- `yarn dev` to watch the repo for changes and then recompile
- `yarn compile` to compile from mitosis components to other packages, you can give it a flag `-p` or `--platforms` .ie `yarn compile -p react vue`
- `yarn c:react` or `yarn c:vue` to compile specifically to react or vue
- `yarn clean` to clean `.node_modules` or `yarn clean:assets` to clean build/compile output

## Overview and structure

![Overview](./docs/overview-ui-kit.png)
We create components inside a single source of truth folder `<root>/src` with Mitosis lite JSX format, then through our compiler, it's going to compile our components and build it in sub packages' `src` and `dist`.

When we publish packages, we are actually publishing the sub packages generated from `<root>/src`, which are `packages/react` and `packages/vue`, not the `<root>/src` itself.

The compiler is a wrapper over `@builder.io/mitosis` CLI with some extra source code handling logic and some nice CLI add-ons like arguments handling...etc.

There are some rules of thumbs and some tips for creating Mitosis components:

- File names must end with `*.lite.tsx`
- Style sheets must be in `*.css.ts` files, this is because we use a styling solution called `vanilla-extract` to have a CSS-in-JS API across all frameworks.
- For a component, you must use default export, not named export. This is a limitation of Mitosis
- There are more rules and limitations, please read more about Mitosis [here](https://github.com/BuilderIO/mitosis/tree/main/docs)
- To quickly test to see the compilation result from one Mitosis to any framework source code, please use
[mitosis sandbox](https://mitosis.builder.io/). It's similar to TS playground but for Mitosis testing purpose.

## Icon

Check ![Icon guide](./docs/icons.md) to know how to add more icons

## Our Website

⚛️ https://cosmoskit.com/

## Credits

🛠 Built by Cosmology — if you like our tools, please consider delegating to [our validator ⚛️](https://cosmology.tech/validator)

Commit message:

readme and update to interchain-ui

README.md, after:

# Interchain UI Kit

## 📣 What is Interchain UI?

Interchain UI is a foundation library for UI elements used in [cosmos-kit](https://github.com/cosmology-tech/cosmos-kit) and other packages. It provides developers with pre-built components and a foundation for creating user interfaces across different frameworks, such as VueJS, React, Angular, Svelte, SolidJS, and Web Components, enabling developers to customize UI elements and themes. This gives us the ability to code a component once, and it will compile to all framework targets.

## Setup

```bash
# If you use react
yarn add @interchain-ui/react

# If you use vue
yarn add @interchain-ui/vue
```

## Setup and scripts for development

- `yarn && yarn bootstrap` to bootstrap the repo
- `yarn dev` to watch the repo for changes and then recompile
- `yarn compile` to compile from mitosis components to other packages, you can give it a flag `-p` or `--platforms` .ie `yarn compile -p react vue`
- `yarn c:react` or `yarn c:vue` to compile specifically to react or vue
- `yarn clean` to clean `.node_modules` or `yarn clean:assets` to clean build/compile output

## Overview and structure

![Overview](./docs/overview-ui-kit.png)
We create components inside a single source of truth folder `<root>/src` with Mitosis lite JSX format, then through our compiler, it's going to compile our components and build it in sub packages' `src` and `dist`.

When we publish packages, we are actually publishing the sub packages generated from `<root>/src`, which are `packages/react` and `packages/vue`, not the `<root>/src` itself.

The compiler is a wrapper over `@builder.io/mitosis` CLI with some extra source code handling logic and some nice CLI add-ons like arguments handling...etc.

There are some rules of thumbs and some tips for creating Mitosis components:

- File names must end with `*.lite.tsx`
- Style sheets must be in `*.css.ts` files, this is because we use a styling solution called `vanilla-extract` to have a CSS-in-JS API across all frameworks.
- For a component, you must use default export, not named export. This is a limitation of Mitosis
- There are more rules and limitations, please read more about Mitosis [here](https://github.com/BuilderIO/mitosis/tree/main/docs)
- To quickly test to see the compilation result from one Mitosis to any framework source code, please use
[mitosis sandbox](https://mitosis.builder.io/). It's similar to TS playground but for Mitosis testing purpose.

## Icon

Check ![Icon guide](./docs/icons.md) to know how to add more icons

## Our Website

⚛️ https://cosmoskit.com/

## Credits

Checkout `mitosis` from BuilderIO to compile lite JSX. 

🛠 Built by Cosmology — if you like our tools, please consider delegating to [our validator ⚛️](https://cosmology.tech/validator)
